many of your friends have already
died friends Well if in the unit
Well of course there are 15 people maybe so and the
unit I am not a military unit
is how much well we have a company let's say a company is
always there a little different
numbers go Here are 15 died out of
how many so that I understand
how many of  90 people for Well, since the twenty-
second year,
out of 90 people, 15 died Yes,
like us, that is, 1/6 12% turns out yes
yes yes well, there are more wounded Of course
Hello Hello, where are you from
Krasnodar, I understood nicely, I come from
Anapa but now I live in
California for years  via I Support Ukraine
my friends of Ukraine sent me And you in
Krasnodar as if were with us that's where
Anapa is now there the beaches were covered with
fuel oil I haven't been there yet
unfortunately my mother is there in the team of
volunteers who save birds she says
there is
horror of course horror catastrophe
ecological of course we speak
Now it is unlikely that anyone will come to
Anapa for a summer vacation because there is a meter and a
bit of rain there  the fuel oil went into the sand Yes, yes, I
also heard and read that they
removed the top and then the Kern was removed further and there was
already a layer below Well, my mother
says that she was saving birds and there were
men there they were collecting fuel oil in bags and
after a couple of days these bags  the authorities took it and
buried it in the
sand It was terrible, yes, it was like that It's
certainly an
outrage Well, they were
told that it shouldn't be done like that, we'll see
Well, what's the point, it's all already dissolved
That's why a bunch of scum has settled on the bottom and
now they say that when there will be
warming  it will float up in portions
again Well, what can you
do? Probably this is not the first time not the
first time in the world when something like this happens.
Here is the first one. No, no, it is just fuel oil, such
a fraction, the first time in the world it has spilled into the sea. Well,
before that there were oil there, it is all
oil, yes, yes  it's a little different
oil it's lighter than water and it rose
to the surface Yes it was immediately
collected with such special nets And here
it turns out that it has such
mixed fractions and some of it settled to the bottom the main
mass and  storms Well it's heavy like and
storms are simply
washed out in different
directions that's it I didn't think about that
unfortunately with oil it's easier
lighter than water it immediately
dies on the surface plans of the bird in it
ma but it can be localized it doesn't fall to the
bottom its localized and further  there they are already collecting it with
special ones Yes, there are heavy
fractions here, they have settled on the bottom and the storms are just
moving along the bottom,
yes, it is
so smart to
raise it or put a sarcophagus on top, they
would have already pumped it out, maybe I don’t know
Well,
what’s there, I think everything is very murky,
so it would be difficult to get to it  before that As far as
I understand I hadn't thought about it before it
turns out apparently in tankers it's not a
single space but it's divided into
tanks the problem is that all this will give It's
all very difficult and Well although if there are
ships that submarines can
raise in principle from sunken  well yes
well here the question in depth is also
whether this ship will be able to get there at all well
in short this is not a task for a humanities student like
me to solve but I will Let's
hope that they will find a way out anyway
at least some And what do the authorities say
there  they
are collecting on the spot what else will they say they are
collecting it's all
just how it happens also friends
volunteers there as if went to help Yes they
are collecting and they also told what
happened This scandal with this that
some of these contractors or who buried it somewhere
Well then as if  flew in to everyone
flew in to everyone for this it all became clear
now they are taking it somewhere to temporary
storage until the summer because in the summer it
will all start to leak again evaporate and for a while
they have to dispose of these temporary ones
somewhere but how what with the
ship with the ship will be which one there
sank exactly Well here the question is of course how
they or there still another the other day
one guy died and two were poisoned
students who were gathering there
seventeen year olds I read like if it's
about him then yes Well it's poisonous
of course It's clear that I just don't
understand well  as if there is an Emergencies Ministry Yes, here is
a huge structure in which there are
special services that
deal with motivational procedures Yes,
why should seventeen-year-old students be
in some kind of gauze  bandages
This is all to do instead of this being
done by the
service services are also doing And about the
students Well, let's say those who
Let's go, that is, they just wanted to
go, that is, without any that
someone is missing a hand, something there is a
need for hands urgently  there are they free No They just
thought it was necessary that I had to go like
there is free time now there is an
opportunity to take a vacation there at my own
expense Well why not that is like I
don't have that opportunity that's why I didn't
go Understand Well like the Ministry of Emergency Situations It
was just very strange for me here  not only did the
government not react in any way in the first days,
but a month has already passed and
volunteers are still climbing around there
manually, collecting fuel oil instead.
It always happens like that with us, when the fire
was burning in Tayga,
volunteers were hanging out there too, after Victory.
there are always
those organizations that are very developed now, like the People's
Front, which attract and there are
many people there and why would
n't they go, well, you can't compare of course, but the
same thing seemed to be told to me by those
like  go there to develop virgin lands or
bam build That is, it seems like you have your
own job, well, you decided like,
why not go somewhere to Siberia there, in the
Amur region, you can’t build a railroad, you can’t
build one, but at least my
relatives are like that in  Siberia remained No,
that was under the Union then And now, like, well,
then they sent and that's it And now
it turns out Well, look, like there are
services that get money for this Yes,
huge money, huge budgets,
equipment Yes, why are they inactive They are
inactive, they work They just need
help, always needed
help interestingly somehow
we when a neighbor's house is on fire you also
go to help put it out No well in Russia
It seems to me in Russia there will
probably be up to half a million emergency workers
Yes no no no that's them no not directly yes
maybe of course there will be that many But that's the same
all over Russia and from all over Russia not SDR
nesh
them So
how much 23 year twenty-third year yes
here is the staffing level of the Ministry of Emergency Situations
is
303.10 that is 300,000 was last
year  the year
before last 300,000 is a
whole army if if you take every tenth
it will be 30,000 people it can be
placed along the entire coast like a chain it
is possible it is
interesting And they don't tell you by the way because
I tried to find out who is
the owner of this tanker who is
responsible for the spill of this oil and I  I
don't know the rights I haven't heard of such a thing so for
some reason the government is keeping quiet about it the
secret tanker
turns out to be
some kind of Volga Oil is the
name of the company
Tar did it in the sea that's the main question
We don't have anything here well that the river tanker did it
in the sea everything  it's clear And what was the tanker doing there
that had been
cut up before, it was made anew, not here, here, everything
is clear, the thing is that America imposed
sanctions And international tankers do not
enter Russian ports, that's why they
agreed to sell this fuel oil illegally to those who were there,
these tankers are being delivered  to the sea and into the sea
it spills from tanker to tanker That's when they
handed it over And why was it necessary to send a
tanker that was sewn up whose center was
cut out And there are no others
there are simply no others there are simply no others because of the sanctions
no others can be attracted Well, that's
clear, that's the point, just like
these terminals for liquefied gas, they
were all South Korean there They
refused South Koreans have So yes
and that's why they are collecting what  Yes, the thing is
that there is another problem with fuel oil here. The
thing is that all oil
refineries, these are like waste fuel oil. Yeah, they give it out
and this fuel oil needs to be
put somewhere. Yeah, before it was also
sold to some fuel oil power plants.
and so on and so forth Well, it
turns out that if this fuel oil is not
put anywhere, it needs to be stored somewhere, there are no storage facilities
for it, but it Well, if the plant is
working,
it generates products there and generates
waste fuel oil, production waste, yes, that
is, it needs to be stored somewhere, although  at
cost price or just for
someone to take them and ship them and
wait until someone
picks up everything is clear yes with this I
didn’t know that this is a product of
oil refining really no yes that is well this is the
thing  what we will say is that
nothing can really be done with it, but in fact,
only the
not very environmentally friendly
power plants can be
added there. Well, of course, Zaga, how can I
imagine, of course, this is well, they
did use it.
And it turns out that now the US has
literally been using it for 3-4 days
back
took vyali perekh tarov
for oil export These there under
Panamanian under some Caribbean flags
all like this in half a year a year they
registered and slammed everyone under sanctions that
whoever cooperates with them will
also be sanctioned And that's it And now not a
single one  the port of neither China nor India accepts
them, what can you do, such are the
times, and
how do you feel, here is the result of
sanctions over these 3
years, to be honest, to be honest, at the level of
the average person I don’t understand, that is, neither prices have
risen, nor goods have reached the
usual prices, prices are like  usually jump that is well
from Before Before the twenty-second year the same thing
happened the same rise also there they
raise salaries to damn it to balance well at
their level of course someone Who
manages something owns probably don't feel
but at this level No
really I
understood had to Well  there at work Well we
work until I work And what
do you do
I am a military man Yes Well you are some kind of
Civilian This is on purpose
Everyone always told me that you
You don't look like a military man No and the military
What exactly are there different military men there are
infantry
not an artilleryman no infantry  And what are you doing there in
Krasnodar, it's
cool where they let you go Well, they let you go to Krasnodar And where was Kherson Kherson I understood, yes, I saw there Ukraine is bombarding the Kherson region with these drones, so everyone is bombarding each other with drones, it's scary,
actually That's how it is from the outside, like  drones
fall asleep Well, when you hear this sound,
but honestly speaking it's not Oh, immediately, zhim-zhim
Yes, it's for anyone That is, it's just
not zhim-zhim for someone who hasn't
heard it because well, it's It's pretty,
it's
like, it's like  bees that's when you I
remember my grandfather was at the
apiary that's all around there are buzzing bees And so
you understand that some infection will bite you now there are
millions of them flying there and here it's the same thing yes
there is well here as if Questions more How do
you
bo electronic warfare work
you acquaintances have already
died acquaintances Well if in the unit
Well there are of course 15 people maybe so and in the
unit I am not a military this is how much well
we have a company let's say a company is always there
a little different there is
a number of
15  how many so that I understand
how many of the people for Well since the twenty-
second year out of 90 people 15 died Yes
since the second Well like us that is 1/6 12%
it turns out yes yes yes well there were more wounded Of course there
were more That is half of the wounded
They leave then come back  that is, well,
like, depending on the degree of injury
And so Well, so that's about it Well, that's it
Plus or minus it's always like that it goes a lot Well,
well Well, that's the bloodiest war since
World War II
It's cool Well,
when Two Two countries with absolutely
identical people  by and large with
absolutely identical weapons,
plus or minus with absolutely identical
commanders, some of whom even studied at the
same educational institutions.
But what will happen in the end?
I don’t understand. Not Ukraine,
small
Ukraine with  a small population with no technical potential at all How can it lose a little you can say about Belgium about the Vatican you can say Ukraine is not a small country it is the largest country in Europe by territory as far as I remember at least the population was according to official data there was around 35 million 35l people is a lot in fact Deni Putin sent you here there me in the Kherson region with such losses if it were possible to capture Kyiv there 1 2T months and everything in short and ended the war well capture Kyiv and Kyiv how many people are in Kyiv so not how many people how many armies do you capture, no, it's not the population that's capturing, no, it's a problem for all current armies, by and large, when will it be if a major war starts, really? Yes, how can you take a city where the population is not 200, not 500,000, and in which, let's say, half a million people live, that's how it is I don't have to take it because the military as a military science there should be three times more attackers, that is, post щ it's clear But if we start distributing weapons to everyone, that is, there will be no people
who want not military who want to defend their home No well I can't understand well hand out weapons Yes but the question is Where to get so many weapons You understand that if planes helicopters armored personnel carriers fly Who will come out there with these sticks like and pistols what will you do there well how weapons are not just sticks pistols are a machine gun are an anti-tank year because it is very difficult is a tank in urban combat or an armored personnel carrier is well, how can I not say that a panacea for everything in the world and then I can’t understand And why then did Russia get into the B at the very beginning of the war Kyiv encirclement of Kyiv moral impact What approaches what times approach mu Kyiv as far as I know well I know That is I think everyone heard it in the area there were 253 SSA soldiers of ours Well and Kiev Kyiv can not be taken With such a number of soldiers That is it is precisely only on maintaining some kind of a liquid perimeter in order to put pressure on the leadership because now there is no pressure on the leadership, time has been lost. Well, because now the Ukrainian army, at least, let's say now it is no longer  in the state it was in a year ago, well, a year ago, and even at the end, then at the end of the twenty-second year, when they withdrew from Kyiv. This is already a different army, that is, this is already an army that can feed drones until the current year, even until last year, maybe even well, somewhere. So until the beginning of last year, Ukraine was way ahead in drones, that is, in principle, we didn’t have this in such quantities as now. That is, now if there are some videos of how a lancet flies in, this was the case, but it was just a few flying there, like shahids. Well, Shahid okay this is earlier this is also something like about somewhere there flies if you work in the field let's say something like that quadcopters well in such quantities there were not only then it finally dawned on someone that and thanks to the efforts of ordinary citizens who figured it out What can be done to help in this way to purchase these quads, this is the beginning of a mass purchase of them by the military too and having seen how they do it on 3 printers What is the name of the holder for dropping the projectile and now the military is doing it too
before that, that is, there was no parity in this. That is, it was on the side of Ukraine very much well. Question. As a military man, it turns out that you claim that Russia now cannot take Kyiv in any way. Well, maybe it can, but for but this is a very long-term perspective. Because now, as how say it right so as not to look like You see when in order to approach such it is necessary it is possible to do of course And it is possible even Well not exactly quickly but to do it faster Than now but it will be much greater losses now the strategy is on the fact that ISO isolate from the flanks the city or populated area Well village city it doesn't matter that is the same strategy is used everywhere constantly populated area we approach from the front we approach from the flanks and thus we create a threat to the garrison so that the garrison either remains surrounded in the end or leaves this is not a fast strategy but it reduces losses the most important thing this reduces losses but it takes a very long time. It turns out that this is not a breakthrough with tank wedges 100 km ahead, but what cities, these ones, because I see all the cities that Russia took with Svna Kaba and artillery  How else can you just burn down the city and people leave from there, but military operations are still taking place there, that is, the garrisons do not leave, that is, in order for them to go out directly, in order to go out directly, it is really necessary to reach half the city already starting the assault, that is, and then yes that is, as if, but very often for some reason they don’t move away exactly as if directly at all In hopeless situations That is, we say that we have a question like this I can’t understand from the point of view I’m sitting here in California Yes, I don’t understand how Russia is going to defeat Ukraine if it does not capture Kyiv Well, not in the foreseeable future at all, there is one hope that Trump will come and decide something, no one has it, despite Despite all the television, on our Channel One, no one has any illusions about Trump, absolutely no one at all Excuse me [music] please, here Victory is not only the capture of the capital, if you remember the First World War, Germany lost, no one entered the territory of Germany, the country capitulated, as a result, this is the depletion of resources, the depletion of human resources
first of all, resources, general fatigue from the war of the population and in this case, the fatigue of Ukraine, which is more important, those who support it do not see their victory, a military victory. She sees her political victory, that Ukraine will get tired and the West will start helping her. Yes, a military victory is the occupation of the entire territories not military Victory is capitulation military Victory This is to Katu I understand that No military Victory is expected for you Well why do I see let's do it this way the decision-making center is in Kyiv You will not take Kyiv in any way Well in reality in no way in fantasies maybe somehow maybe in reality it won't work out well we'll see I think I think if it's necessary we'll take the question If it's necessary we'll take And Sudzha for you here's the city of Sudzha in the Kursk region you Should you take it or not In my opinion it's not necessary In my opinion it's necessary to leave everything as it is there is this Because why is this you know There is such a topic gambit is called so I am a chess player I know but I once played as a child but it is a long time ago and not true Well what And what is it By the way gambit it seems to be something  when
you give something away but in the end
you win Yeah This doesn't give
victories in the war this stub of the Kursk
region but the fact that the Ukrainians came in is a
huge mistake it's a really terrible mistake
yes yes because As soon as they brought in a
very combat-ready unit there  for the
initial breakthrough
Yeah, they did it well but when you
take something from somewhere, it
becomes little As a result, in Donbass Step
by step it began Look, do I
understand correctly that when Ukraine, uh, transferred
some troops to the Kursk region,
Russia too  transferred troops to the Kursk
region to contain this onslaught so
Yes but yes but in the end for some reason the onslaught of
Russia did not end Wait Stop Do I
understand correctly Yes that Russia had to
transfer more troops than
Ukraine transferred there so that it would
not be necessary Okay, got it  Got it well
yes The question
is I'm not a strategist in this yes But for
Ukraine the transfer of troops for example Kursk
Donetsk course Donetsk course Donetsk shoulder is
quite short True true yes for
Russia the transfer of troops with  Donetsk to
Kursk direction and back - This is a very
large shoulder if it is from the theater of
military operations then yes If it is from the
territory inside Russia then no No well that
is I mean to maneuver if
there are troops in Donbass Ukrainian
Ukraine in the Kursk region to maneuver
easier because it can go in any
direction here I go Yes circle Yes but
nevertheless I am not strong this strategist I am
not a strategist at all Yes but here a hundred I
have already seen enough over the years I am already
beginning to understand something in this yes somehow that is  a
mistake is not a mistake Yes, but it seems to me that
for Ukraine this is very By the way, it
was a great move with the breakthrough into the Kursk region, it's
great The EU got a
continuation And
why, why then all this Well, look at the
continuation of
Kursk, take at least a nuclear
power plant with Atomic Elesta, well, I would
go, for example  on a strategic
object that is and in this I think for here
look here the question here is not clear yes
Because
if Russia Yes would have made
some kind of provocation there an explosion everything yes what
would it have looked like here
Ukraine came in and did that is here
everything is also very  sly Ukraine look here
for What is the essence of the Kursk region I as I
see Yes here I am in the United States Yes
our entire information sphere immediately exploded
Yes what all from Russia they took away part of the
territory inviolable That is,
earlier we were afraid there that a nuclear
strike could be  there's all sorts of red
lines and that's all we have here is this political
commentator Peter Jackson e He says
everything says
now tanks of NATO countries Yes are on the
RIRO SN obla Yes really Russia and that's
all No response actions followed there's
no red line he's
like a
blow it's more media
[applause]
blow fly at
kho rines everything is just cool yes and so it
turns out that now E after this that
they allowed to strike attacks themselves on the territory of the
Russian Federation before this with nene not
to the Kursk region to the Kursk region
they allowed to strike only on the occupied
territories of Crimea Donetsk Lugansk and
this is Kherson region now Kursk region
Lgov attacks themselves take out command
posts yes Russian Federation I watched
Yes I subscribed to these  telegrams and then
in
this near Kursk also something else
is brought out Bryansk attacks already officially
your Ministry of Defense says flew attacks
that is a year ago they said If that
will be a retaliatory strike and that's it And now it
simply states the fact and that's it so from the
point from the point  view to
show us Americans Yes because
here we also would have
something there and it seems like there well Ukraine
has recaptured something there And now it can't do anything anymore it's
necessary somehow and now vi And
why can Russia be taken out without
so to speak  the most important thing is that for us
for the United States there is absolutely no let
's say
damage we are taking out the oil
industry of the Russian Federation the
defense industry of the Russian
Federation the personnel of the Russian
Federation NATO does not suffer
super I notice only the Ukrainians suffer
what Well for us in America I am a citizen of the
Russian Federation I come from Rostov
myself Yes  and a citizen of the United States of
America to me honestly on Ukrainians
in general Similar in fact Well then
I as a citizen of the United States
I also have Russian citizenship Well you ca
n't just give it up yes I am a
citizen  United States Yes
I am a citizen of the greatest power
in the world the strongest power the most
powerful the most economic Yes I
see that for example like my mother in
Rostov Now she gets 18 18600 if
she has a pension That's something in our
money there 180
dollars it's just
some kind of pension she worked as a
nurse in a children's clinic all her
life if I sent money I don't know how
she would survive why here is our country
my ex yes Russia in which there is
oil gas gold
diamonds the richest country the whole table
midel lives so poorly
Why I don't know You  older You probably
know why How old are you 33 Yes I'm
older I'm 43 Cool I don't know
honestly And you are a contract soldier mobile
who And in what year did you sign the contract
d second d second And what did you do to sign a
contract I always wanted to be a military man to be
honest in my
youth It didn't work out
asma  was Yeah, I got it, it's cool, interesting,
you went, how much do they pay on a contract, as it
says, 200 on average, A, what do you mean, in
moldy asma was then asma passed it
how to say it It manifested itself at 3 years old Here
but in the end over the years That is when
I just went to the military registration and enlistment office after school
there all this was confirmed And then it
went into remission and it went into such a
remission that here  if I go now without
any children's documents to undergo the obsd
no one will find her at all That is, as if
and you before you went to Ukraine That's what it's like to
fight Who were you, who did
you work for, I worked, and how is everyone in tourism more
specifically Well, hotel business
tourism Well, we were  there were bartenders
there
booking And how much did
you get 55 somewhere That's
probably it, and now you get
four times more Well that's on average Yes
there are also extra payments well these extra payments are all
inconsistent let's say there for
each kilometer somehow it's calculated that way  also
in the assault you put a horn unit
for every kilometer 50,000 doba That is, it
turns out you went for the money well
firstly it was always interesting And
secondly yes, why
not this is work for this you need  treat it
like a job a policeman also has a job
although no one likes him a fireman has a job
and a killer for example a killer who
gets paid money to someone This is also a
job he chose it himself This is his job
yeah yeah That is to say it's normal
yes it's not normal to be a killer but  in the
godfather Don Vita also has knees,
that's his job or what is it not If it's
cool then that means you
went to kill people in Ukraine And you
justify it with that feature
film yes yes no I don't justify it with anything
and you have something there that's not from  colleagues And from
relatives and acquaintances someone who
died no no
why do you have no wounded or dead no
no hi I have a classmate Sanya
Prokhorov died we sat at the same desk
he was golden you why did you
say that you went to the second
I shuddered at the contract, in short, he
was a gold medalist at school, he worked as a
teacher at the university, he taught physics,
that happened in 2 VROM, something didn't work for him,
he started there  convicts draw everything and
went signed up burning homeland to defend everything
lived less than
half a year lived less than half a year each
his own
term you don't know
where you don't know where he died somewhere in the
Kharkov
region they said that is there is no body there was
some kind of flight of
this missile some Ukrainian and what
was left of it  in short, in general,
some charred things there, mom gave DNA,
uh, showed a photo, there is a skull,
well, there is a skull, there is almost no body, yes, that
is, I don’t know how they collected it,
identified it, there is a charred skull,
just well, you didn’t even say that it was
a skull if  you wouldn't be told that
look, yeah, these are like holes from the eyes and
you seem to see a skull somewhere, like yeah, he's
clothes, everything is there, so that everything burns out,
I don't know what it is, what kind of thing
they shot it with, anyway, where, yeah, well, that's it
I would teach physics physics I would die from physics
Yes, of course, it's an irony of fate
Yes, it's just that I sat with him at the same
desk at the same desk for 11 years and I
never thought that he would
go to school  war you at all Well why skhn
Well yes But what do you think Why are
Russians killing people in Ukraine this is
war I understood that it is war and why
did they make this war Why did Putin make this
war Why Good question Even
my humanities Sva is not enough to answer
this probably need to  think now
Now I'll think how it
could be that I think the
main reason was that he
broke down or broke down or switched
over the guys were well promoted
And they even managed to insert Sanya Prokhorov Here you
and everyone let the whole world watch Here is the whole
Russian essence yes he worked for
55,000  for 500 dollars there in the
tourism business a small hotel a small hotel
yes And here they attached 200,000 salaries that
is 2,000 dollars to go and kill
people in Ukraine Safari is like that and He raised his
paws and ran
happy So we
keep our fingers crossed that before he
returns from vacation let him  there is
some kind of Wagner out of nature
way like subscribe and comment If
you want Kobzon to have it
write to my Telegram right now
axis VN
apok this is very and very important YouTube is busy with
us through scarg or in your ban and very
many videos are not shown to people at times do not
show information about streams so
that we Mali promptly
write to the link right now and Popik there  in
telegrams okrim video also interesting and
useful information and we are obliged to you
constant operational links
independently in that will show you about this
YouTube Glory to Ukraine write